Update readme description (#104)
kubernetes/registry.k8s.io: README.md

# registry.k8s.io

> The production redirect domain for Kubernetes artifacts, for more see [cmd/archeio](./cmd/archeio/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The production redirector service for container images of the Kubernetes Project, for more see [cmd/archeio](./cmd/archeio/README.md)
```
we only serve container images at the moment.

Author: I updated the description in e0679f7. 
I've gone with 
> The production redirector service for Kubernetes container image artifacts

I think it's more concise.

Participation in the Kubernetes community is governed by the [Kubernetes Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md).

[owners]: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide/owners.md

> [creative commons 4.0]: https://git.k8s.io/website/LICENSE

Reviewer: `Creative Commons` is the right way to write the name. You'll notice https://git.k8s.io/website/LICENSE the `C` are in uppercase.

Author: This is a result of my linter. Reverted in e0679f7
